Setup sphinx and github pages (#6)
Concordium/concordium-update-proposals: source/standards/cts1.rst

  ContractName ::= (n: Byte²) (name: Byteⁿ)

.. _CTS-AccountAddress:

``AccountAddress``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

An address of an account.

It is serialized as 32 bytes::

  AccountAddress ::= (address: Byte³²)

.. _CTS-ContractAddress:

``ContractAddress``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

An address of a contract instance.
It consists of an index and a subindex both unsigned 64 bit integers.

It is serialized as: first 8 bytes for the index (``index``) followed by 8 bytes for the subindex (``subindex``) both little endian::

  ContractAddress ::= (index: Byte⁸) (subindex: Byte⁸)

.. _CTS-Address:

``Address``
^^^^^^^^^^^

Is either an account address or a contract address.

It is serialized as: First byte indicates whether it is an account address or a contract address.
In case the first byte is 0 then ``AccountAddress`` (``address``) is followed.
In case the first byte is 1 then ``ContractAddress`` (``address``) is followed::

  Address ::= (0: Byte) (address: AccountAddress)
            | (1: Byte) (address: ContractAddress)

.. _CTS-Receiver:

``Receiver``
^^^^^^^^^^^^

The receiving address of a transfer, which is either an account address or a contract address.

> In the case of a contract address, additional information such as the name of a receive function and some additional bytes to call on the receiving contract.

Author: No this is actually not relevant anymore, since the additional data was at some point only for when contracts received tokens.
Now every transfer can include additional data.

I'll rephrase this and remove `additional bytes` from here

  UpdateOperatorEvent ::= (3: Byte) (update: OperatorUpdate) (owner: Address) (operator: Address)

.. _CTS-event-tokenMetadata:

``TokenMetadataEvent``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The event to log when setting the metadata url for a token type.
It consists of a token ID and an URL (:rfc:`3986`) for the location of the metadata for this token type with an optional SHA256 checksum of the content.
Logging the ``TokenMetadataEvent`` event again with the same token ID, is used to update the metadata location and only the most recently logged token metadata event for certain token id should be used to get the token metadata.

The ``TokenMetadataEvent`` event is serialized as: first a byte with the value of 4, followed by the token ID :ref:`CTS-TokenID` (``id``), two bytes for the length of the metadata url (``n``) and then this many bytes for the url to the metadata (``url``).
Lastly a byte to indicate whether a hash of the metadata is included, if its value is 0, then no content hash, if the value is 1 then 32 bytes for a SHA256 hash (``hash``) is followed::

>   MetadataUrl ::= (n: Byte) (url: Byteⁿ)

Author: Nice catch

        "hash": "588d7c14883231cfee522479cc66565fd9a50024603a7b8c99bd7869ca2f0ea3"
      }
    }
  }

The danish localization JSON file could be:

.. code-block:: json

  {
    "name": "Bibi - Ryan katten",
    "description": "Ryan katte er ensomme væsner, som rejser rundt i galaxen søgende efter deres forfædre og sande fortid"
  }

Smart contract limitations
==========================

A number of limitations are important to be aware of:

- Smart contract state size is limited to 16 KiB.
- Smart contract function parameters are limited to 1 KiB.
- Each logged event is limited to 0.5 KiB.
- The number of logged events is limited to 64 per contract function invocation.
- The total size of the smart contract module is limited to 64 KiB.

.. note::

  Smart contracts where the contract state size limit is to low, can distribute the state across multiple smart contract instances.

Decisions and rationale
=======================

In this section we point out some of the differences from other popular token standards found on other blockchains, and provide reasons for deviating from them in CTS1.

Token ID bytes instead an integer
---------------------------------

> Token standards such as ERC721 and ERC1155 both uses an 256 bit unsigned integer (32 bytes) for the token ID, to support using something like a SHA256 hash for the token ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Token standards such as ERC721 and ERC1155 both use a 256-bit unsigned integer (32 bytes) for the token ID, to support using something like a SHA256 hash for the token ID.
```
